Hey guys, I want to give you a quick
video on how to craft your crit bow.
Although you can also use this method on
how to craft your non-crit bow as well.
Keep in mind non-crit bows do tend to
lose value. But if it's a low percent of
this roll, you can move for a non-crit
bow. With that said, all this is also on
the guide. You see the crafting guide
down here. Click this and it has all the
crafting non-cryp
like quiver here, amulet helmet.
Although amulet and quiver are a little
bit more expensive RNG. Yeah. Let's go
over the bow and how you actually craft
this. So, it's not that hard. It's just
having the amount of bases. You just
need enough bases to start off. So,
yeah, to start off, you need a bow with
high percent fizz. Any% fizz works.
Higher is just better. So, you can
either buy this yourself or pick up
bases off the ground and then you'll
just, you know, trans them, right? If
you have perfects, you can use perfects.
If you have graders, use graders. Yeah,
you either want an obliterator base or a
warmer base. They're the two best bases.
The obliterator base has slower attack
speed but extremely high damage. and
reduced projectile range, but that
reduced projectile range really does not
matter. The warmer base is higher attack
speed, but lower overall fizz damage.
So, both are fine, but obliter
first. You then want to use greater
essence of abrasion for the non-rit or
for the crit one, which is what I'm
going to go after, is the greater
essence of seeking. So yeah, make sure
you always AUG first cuz you do want
double A effects. So in this case, AUG.
Now, since we're going for a crit, we're
going to want to use the seek essence to
start off. If you're still non crit, you
can use the abrasion essence if you have
like a tier four, tier 5% fizz. But I
would not use the flat fizz ones on like
the really high tier percents cuz these
can be very very expensive. Like
currently in League, they're like 10
plus divines. Yeah, you do want to go
for the crypto cuz crypto is the swap
you are going to make eventually. But
like I said, noncript is fine if you're
still like early on early league. And
you can also use other businesses as
well, right? You don't have to use these
bases. You can use the lower lower bases
if that's what you have like you know a
twin bow or gemini bow with extremely
high percent fizz. You can still use
this method as well. Anyway, use your
greater essence of seeking here.
Guaranteed crit is a one credited
modifier. Now we want to use a omen of
necromancy plus a draw bone. Now do note
depending on how expensive your bow is,
you may also want to use an ancient draw
bone. These are more expensive but can
be worth it. It just depends on the
prices. So, if ancient draw bones, I
still like one to two divines as this
video comes out. Um, even like three
divines, they are worth using in this
scenario. Yeah, I'm going to use it
here. And then make sure when you
unveil, you click your abyssal echo
omens. These are 100% worth it. You
know, they are like a little bit
expensive. That's so expensive. And then
you're looking to unveil flat physical
damage, but any high ele damage will
also do. Fire, lane, or cold, but flat
fizz is the best outcome here. Then
after you unveil, it's really the only
thing you do left is slam. So depending
on how good your bow is, how expensive
it is, you either want to use a perfect
exalt or greater exalt. Make sure you
use a omen of greater exaltation. This
will essentially give you, you know, two
uses of perfect exalt for one cost. So
I'll slam this twice now. And that would
be our bell, right? Of course, you also
unveil right here, but this just an
example. But yeah, that's how you would
make your bow. It's just completely RNG
the last two aixes. You might get
something good, you might get something
bad. Who really knows? But that is how
you make your fizz cry bow and then you
can easily swap to the crit setup. Now,
one other example I want to use here,
although it's less likely to be good, is
that if you do roll tier one flat fizz
or even tier two flat fizz or tier one
hybrid percent fizz can also be okay,
you can still go for this method. Just
keep in mind you're very unlikely to hit
because percent fizz has extremely low
weight in where flat fizz is like three
or four times more common. So you can go
for this. Just keep in mind you're
unlikely to hit. So don't invest too
much. So if you do roll like tier one
and tier two flat fizz, you can do the
same method where you just use the
secret essence. Do the same thing.
Necromancy draw bone. I would not use an
ancient draw bone here because percent
fizz has such a low weight in. You have
such a low chance to actually hit it.
Yeah, you still can still go for this
because you know dr bones only like 3x
each. Necromancy also like I don't know
3 or 4x each. So it's it's a low
opportunity cost and if you do hit it
will be worth quite a lot, right? And
it's the same deal, right? And you use
the greater exaltation omen with greater
or perfect exalts and the unveil. Like
if you get like really high percent
fizz, definitely use perfect. Obviously
if you get nothing, just trash the bow.
But yeah, you can go for flat fizz as
well with this method. You're just more
unlikely to hit. Now, there's one last
method I want to show you here, and
that's the 3 to one bench. So, as you're
picking up bows, and you're obviously
going to like trans them, right, with
graters or whatever you have, you're
going to get really bad bases like this.
Now, what you can do is when you have
three magic bases or three rare bows,
cuz you're also going to pick up rare
bows, right? You go to your first bench,
put three in here, three to one, and you
get unidentified magic or rare bow.
Obviously, three magic bows gives you a
magic bow back. Three rare bows give you
a rare bow back. And yeah, I mean, it
could roll good. You can maybe all get
again. and I might get like one stat.
That is something you should be doing is
making sure you pick up all your warmer
bases, all your obliterary bases, and
even if they're bad, make sure to save
them your stash because 3 to one is
essentially plus one base, right? It's
very well worth doing. So, you should be
doing this as well. And I do other bases
as well, like the quiver base I usually
do this with or like really good ES
helmets, stuff like that. Very, very
good early in the league when bases are
quite hard to find. I guess one last
thing I didn't mention here, but it is
mentioned in the crafting guide. You
need I level 75. Um, I level 82s for
like tier 1% fizz, which can be too
expensive to get, but I level 75 is all
you need for the bow. So, it's pretty
easy to get because obliterate base can
only chop in level 77 zones anyway. So,
it's automatically going to be I level
75. Yeah, that's about it. Any questions
comment below, but this is how you craft
your like pretty much, you know, really
good end game bow. It is pretty RNG now
with the crafting nerfs, but this is the
best you can get at a low investment.